hey guys this is Mothman Cutrone here
and i'm going to be showing you a lot
yeah if you you notice the wedding a lot
better here see I got this lamp and then
this is where I use the camera and
there's that lamp there I want to be
filming the movie soon yeah anyway I
just walk um I'm sorry um Big E use up a
lot of my army here my droid army see
all those flappers I see this gunship oh
I thought I was alone right now that's
where I met they would be but the doctor
and it's weird when they're they're both
killed there's coming to Fox the gunship
is completely destroyed see um this is
new weaponry it's three weapons one
rocket launcher a shame tone early to up
the one rock washing machine gun mr.
Crombie on it and it's aiming at the
spider Walker here just commander stone
um he's with the bunch of other clothes
they're making sure no supper to skip
past and see this cone they're now that
droid that looks like that I say was
flying through this over just kind of do
it was pretty fun to do there's my
lieutenant Howell just mining / droids
the vulture droids crashed into a tank
droid so is crash spider Walker and
speedway crashed
the weighing of the gunship yeah pretty
big pretty bad yeah thanks for watching
please rate comment